So we've played around with routing quite a bit here, now
one case we haven't covered is the following,
what if the user enters anything here which is not covered by the app?
Well we don't see an error here but we also don't see a fitting page,
so we want to redirect in some cases especially in cases like this where any route not covered by our
router is entered.
Well the two things work together well here but you can of course also redirect on any specific path,
so let me first show this, I'll add a new route here
at the end so that my more specific paths come first
and here, I'll set up a path of redirect me, like this
and I want to set up a redirection. So I'm not going to load a component here,
instead what I will do here is I'll add the redirect key,
this allows me to specify a path to which I should redirect the user.
So here let's say we want to redirect to just user, so I specify the path as a string here
and with that, we should have an application where if I visit it /redirect-me, I should add a slash
therefore here,
if I visit /redirect-me, we're redirected to /user. And so let's try this out,
let's go to /redirect-me and we're back to /user,
this is how we can redirect.
You can also specify an object here to again use a named route for example to go to user edit for
example and then pass some parameters or you go to home for example, like this.
So you can specify the normal object
you also used in your router link or here for pushing when navigating in code. This is the normal object
for setting up a route you want to navigate to and you can use that for redirecting too.
So this is how we can redirect the user and make sure we're navigating him where we want him to be
navigated but we're not covering the case that I enter anything in here.
Now in order to be able to handle such routes, we'll have at a different set up in the next video.